particular is we should be more broad in our acceptance of things and less, I think there's too much of a
hang the guilty bastard.
I mean, you have to have some more tolerance, I believe, in the programs.
I've seen young people here that thought they were doing right, and they were crucified, and they lost their commissions, they lost their
Well, they were actually given a chance to get their degree, but they did not get their commissions.
They did not because of the Corps and its hard approach to things.
Is A&M on a correct path in trying to emphasize the practical instead of the theoretical?
Well, I think myself that
We need the theory.
We need to put the theory into practice.
But when we make a mistake, let's go back and correct it and not cry about that forever.
So I think that you need to have a can-do attitude.
Produce what you can in a theoretical way and then correct the mistakes as you go.
I've got about three questions left.
If someone walked up to you and handed you a check for a million dollars for you to pass on to Texas A&M, what would you want that money used for?
If you could make a major gift to A&M, what would you want to
Well, I think I'd put about half of it in recruiting for the Corps.
I think that's very important, getting along with people, to learn organization, to learn management, to learn what all needs to go into getting along with people.
I think I'd put the other half into supporting research.
In what?
In general academics.
So you're not saying limit it to a certain major?
I'm not going to limit it to energy and mineral resources that I ran for 10 years.
I'm not going to do that.
Because I think there are many disciplines in the liberal arts area.
I think we need a music program here.
I understand we're getting one.
We need arts programs.
We need a very liberal and wide-ranging curriculum.
To what A&M former students, faculty, staff, et cetera, do you feel most indebted, grateful, and why?
Would you say that again?
To whom?
What people related to A&M do you feel most grateful?
Could be a student, a faculty, a staff, anybody.
Well, I think I'm most grateful for my professors.
And I think that the fact that we have a close camaraderie with guys that we came here with and had throughout the time here.
and I think continued camaraderie through the Association of Former Students.
I think that's very important.
Last question.
What feelings do you have in your heart for Texas A&M today?
I love it.
I still do.
I still love Texas A&M, and if I had a million dollars, I'd probably give them part of it, like giving to the church, you know, 10% or more.
But I love the days I had here, and even though I went on to Caltech and got my Ph.D. and all of that, I think my undergraduate days are what formed me as a person.
and taught me the value of living and being a good person.
I took in candy.
I sold candy in the dormitory also to help.
As a matter of fact, I bought some bonds, war bonds, you know, with the money I made from taking in cleaning and pressing and from selling candy.
And that's the money I got buried on.
That's the only money I had.
But that was a great life.
I've had a great life.
I don't think I'd change very much if I had to do over again.